I just can't seem to get out of this funk. I'm exhausted all the time and just feel hopeless.
 It sounds like you're dealing with some depression. Have you been experiencing any other symptoms?
 I'm feeling really anxious today. I can't seem to shake this feeling.
 That sounds difficult. Can you tell me more about what's going on?
 I'm just feeling really on edge and tense. Everything feels like it's going to be a disaster.
 It sounds like you're feeling a lot of pressure and worry. Let's see if we can work on some of those beliefs that ever
thing is going to be a disaster. What do you think is the worst that could happen?
 Well, technically, we're in a lot of debt. I could lose my house and have to move my family into a smaller place. We'd
have to cut back on a lot of things. I'm not sure how we would make it work.
 It sounds like you're worried about being homeless. Let's explore that a little more. What do you think would happen i
 you were homeless?
 I don't know. I've never been homeless before. I guess we would have to live in a shelter or on the street.
 What do you think living in a shelter would be like?
 I don't know. I've never been in a shelter before. I guess it would be crowded and dirty and there wouldn't be enough
ood for everyone.
 What do you think living on the street would be like?
 That's even worse. We would have to sleep in our car or in a cardboard box. It would be really cold at night and we wo
ldn't have any privacy.
 I've been having a lot of trouble sleeping lately.
 It sounds like you're not getting the rest you need. Can you tell me more about that?
 I just can't seem to fall asleep at night. I'll lie in bed for hours and toss and turn, but I just can't seem to drift
off.
 That doesn't sound like restful sleep. Do you have any ideas about what might be causing this?
 I'm not really sure. I've been under a lot of stress at work lately, so that might be part of it.
 It's possible that your work stress is contributing to your sleep problems. Have you been using any coping strategies
o deal with the stress?
 Not really. I've been trying to just power through it, but that doesn't seem to be helping.
 It sounds like you're feeling overwhelmed by the stress. Maybe we can work on some coping strategies together so that
ou can better manage the stress in your life.
 So what brings you in today?
 I've been feeling really down and stressed out lately. I can't seem to shake this feeling and it's really impacting my
life.
 That sounds very tough. I'm glad you came in to talk about it. Can you tell me more about what's going on?
 Well, I just feel like I'm constantly under a lot of pressure. I have a lot of responsibilities and it feels like I ca
't keep up. I'm just so stressed all the time.
 That sounds very difficult to manage. It's normal to feel overwhelmed at times, but it sounds like it's impacting your
day-to-day life. Let's see if we can work on some strategies to help you cope with your stressors in a more effective w
y.
 I feel like I'm stuck in a rut and I don't know how to get out.
 That sounds difficult. Can you tell me more about what's going on?
 I just feel like I'm not going anywhere in life. I'm in my mid-20s and I don't have a career or anything that I'm pass
onate about.
 It sounds like you're feeling lost and uncertain about your future. That can be a really tough place to be.
 Yeah, it is. I don't know what to do or where to start.
 Well, let's start by exploring what you're interested in and see if we can find some possible directions for you to pu
sue.
 I've been feeling really stressed and overwhelmed lately.
 Why do you think that is?
 I'm not sure. I just have a lot going on and I feel like I can't keep up.
 It sounds like you're feeling like you're not good enough.
 Yeah, I guess that's it. I just feel like I'm not measuring up.
 That's a really common feeling. Can you tell me more about why you feel that way?
 I need to talk to someone.
 I'm here to listen. What's going on?
 I feel like I'm losing control.
 Can you tell me more about what's going on?
 Everything feels so overwhelming and I can't seem to focus on anything.
 That sounds very difficult. Can you give me some examples?
 I just can't seem to get my work done, and my relationship is falling apart.
 Those are both big areas of concern. Let's start with your work life. What's been going on there?
 I've been having a lot of anxiety lately.
 That sounds difficult. Can you tell me more about what's been going on?
 I'm just really stressed out all the time. I can't focus on anything and I'm always worrying about everything.
 It sounds like you're experiencing a lot of fear and uncertainty.
 Yeah, I guess so. I'm just afraid that something bad is going to happen all the time.
 It sounds like you're feeling out of control and like you're not able to handle what's going on in your life.
 Yeah, that's it exactly. I don't know what to do.
 Well, let's talk about some things that might help you feel more in control.
 I feel like I can't do anything right.
 Why do you feel that way?
 I just can't make myself be happy. No matter what I do, I just can't seem to find joy in anything.
 That sounds very difficult. Can you tell me more about why you think you can't be happy?
 I don't know. It just feels like happiness is out of reach, like it's not something that's meant for me.
 That doesn't sound like a very positive outlook. What are some things you enjoy doing?
 I used to enjoy hiking and spending time outdoors, but lately even that doesn't make me happy.
 Maybe we can work on finding some activities that do make you happy. What do you think would help you feel better?
 Perhaps if I had something to look forward to, I could be happier.  What do you mean?
 If I had something to look forward to, something to be excited about, then I could be happier.
 That makes sense. What do you think would be something you would enjoy?
 I don't know.
 Well, let's brainstorm a few ideas and see if anything comes to mind  Okay.
 What about taking a trip somewhere you've always wanted to go?  That sounds nice, but I don't know if I could afford i
.
 What about taking a class or learning a new hobby?
 That could be fun. I've always wanted to learn how to knit.
 Great! Why don't we look into some knitting classes and see if there's one that works for you?
 Okay.
 Do you have any other ideas?
 No, that's all I can think of.
 Well, let's start with these two ideas and see how they work for you. If you're not happy with them, we can always try
something else.
 I'm not sure if I'm ready to talk about this yet.
 That's okay. We can come back to it later. Let's talk about something else for now.
 I feel like I'm not good enough.
 Why do you feel that way?
 I don't know. I just do.
 Can you give me an example?
 I feel like I'm not skinny enough.
 What makes you say that?
 I don't know. I just feel like I need to be skinnier.
 Where did you get that idea from?
 I don't know. Maybe from the media?
 Do you think that's realistic?
 I don't know. I just feel like I need to be skinnier.
 Let's talk about what a healthy weight for you would be.
 I don't know.  Well, let's talk about what a healthy lifestyle looks like.
 I don't know.
 That's okay. We can explore that together.
 Hi, I'm struggling with some insecurities and I was hoping to talk to someone about it.
 Absolutely, insecurities are very common and I'm happy to talk with you about it. Can you tell me a little bit about w
at you're struggling with?
 Well, I guess I just feel like I'm not good enough. I see all these other people around me and they seem to have their
lives together and I just feel like I'm falling behind.
 It sounds like you're feeling comparisonitis, which is when we compare ourselves to others and feel like we don't meas
re up. Can you tell me more about how this makes you feel?
 I feel really down about myself, like I'm not good enough and I'll never be as successful as others.
 That sounds really tough. I want you to know that you are not alone in feeling this way and that we can work together
o help you feel better about yourself. Are you willing to give that a try?
 Yes, I think I'd like that.
 Great. Let's start by exploring some of the things that make you unique and special.
 Okay.
 What do you think are some of your positive qualities?
 I don't know.
 That's okay, we can brainstorm together. For example, are you a good friend?
 Yeah, I think so.
 What makes you a good friend?
 I'm always there for my friends when they need me and I'm a good listener.  That sounds great. Those are great qualiti
s to have.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 Anytime you're feeling down about yourself, I want you to remember these positive qualities about yourself. I'm also here for you anytime you need to talk.